# Why Git Money?

Because something's not right in the world. All you need to do is turn on your
television, open your web browser or read a newspaper. The world is bound to the
will of a small few, who make decisions that aim to decide what's best for the
rest of us - and it's not working. So far these decisions have resulted in wars,
bailouts, inflation, and higher taxes. No doubt, there are many other negatives as well.

And this is why a few of us have built Git Money. This is why we've
chosen a different way. But why? Why choose a more difficult path instead of
doing the other things? Why do people try to swim across the English Channel?
Climb Mount Everest? Run towards danger when everyone else is running away? We
choose this mantra and our currency as bitcoin, not because it is easy, but
because it is hard.

We've said it before and we'll say it again - it doesn't matter where you're
from or who you are. We believe in the right to work anywhere on whatever you
want. It doesn't matter your gender, your education, your social or spiritual
beliefs or your skin color.

We are the Bitcoin Legion. Our home is the Earth and we work in the Cloud - you
are welcome to join us.

## What is Git Money?

Git Money was made with a [21 Bitcoin Computer](https://21.co/buy/) and enables
you to work on whatever you want, regardless of who you are, where you live,
or what you believe and get paid in bitcoin.

## How does it work?

### Git Opportunities

[Browse current bitcoin-payable Issues on
GitHub](https://github.com/21hackers/git-money/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22git+money%22).
All Issues with a payout will contain the green label **git money** along with a
"**Current Payout:**" when viewed. The current payout for resolving in the issue
is denoted in BTC (Bitcoin) and US Dollars. If you have a question about the
Issue, feel free to comment on it and ask! [New to
git?](https://guides.github.com/activities/hello-world/)

### Git Work

Once you've found an opportunity, you're halfway home (or wherever it is you're
going!). Go ahead and get to work! All you need to do is clone the repo, create
a branch, commit your changes and submit a pull request. In your pull request
message, [make sure to note that it resolves the
issue](https://github.com/blog/1506-closing-issues-via-pull-requests)  and also
include your
bitcoin address. [New to
Bitcoin?](https://bitcoin.org/en/bitcoin-for-individuals)

### Git Money

Once your pull request is merged, you instantly get paid. However you choose to
git money is up to you. Some people look for small issues that add up to larger
sums. Others go straight for the big jobs. Maybe you're middle of the road,
picking and choosing to make extra money on the side. It's completely up to you
how you want to **git money**.

## Who works on Git Money?

Git Money is made up of a team of collaborators from the [21 slack
channel](https://slack.21.co).

## When and how was Git Money created?

This project came together at the first [21 hackers](http://21hackers.com)
hackathon in January. The idea came about from a group of entrepreneurs and
developers talking about how to get developers to work on projects that were
being worked on outside of tech hubs. The project was architected and prototyped
through a Google Hangouts video chat and continued to come together in the
following weekends. You may find a list of contributors here:
https://github.com/21hackers/git-money/graphs/contributors

## How can I get using Git Money?

You can read about using Git Money in your own repo here:
https://github.com/21hackers/git-money

If you want to make money, here's a link to our opportunities:
https://github.com/21hackers/git-money/issues

Want to chat with the team? Drop us a comment below or reach out to us via
twitter [@gitmoneyco](https://twitter.com/@gitmoneyco)
